CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

Thank you for taking the time to make a contribution to this project. Your help and/or suggestions are much appreciated. This page will go over the process, rules, and guidelines for making issues and creating pull requests.

For a general overview of the project you can read the [README](README.md). After that you can get started on contributing by working on some issues marked with https://github.com/super-miner/Core-Launcher/labels/good%20first%20issue.

## Issues

If you have a suggestion or would like to report a bug you can create an [Issue](https://github.com/super-miner/Core-Launcher/issues).

## Pull Requests

If you would like to solve an [Issue](https://github.com/super-miner/Core-Launcher/issues) you can do so by making a Pull Request.

### Creating a Pull Request:
1. Make a fork of the repository
2. Create a branch on your forked version of the repository named `<issue number>/<issue name>`

> [!Note]
> If no Issue exists for the problem you would like to solve, please create one.

3. Solve the issue on the branch that you created
4. Create a Pull Request on this repository

Commit message:

Added Godot instructions to the CONTRIBUTING page

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

Thank you for taking the time to make a contribution to this project. Your help and/or suggestions are much appreciated. This page will go over the process, rules, and guidelines for making issues and creating pull requests.

For a general overview of the project you can read the [README](README.md). After that you can get started on contributing by working on some issues marked with https://github.com/super-miner/Core-Launcher/labels/good%20first%20issue.

## Issues

If you have a suggestion or would like to report a bug you can create an [Issue](https://github.com/super-miner/Core-Launcher/issues).

## Pull Requests

If you would like to solve an [Issue](https://github.com/super-miner/Core-Launcher/issues) you can do so by making a Pull Request.

### Setup:
Core Launcher uses the .NET version of Godot 4.2.2 which can be downloaded from [here](https://godotengine.org/download/archive/).

Once Godot has finished downloading you can run Godot and select `Import` in the top left and navigate to the root folder of the project on your machine.

### Creating a Pull Request:
1. Make a fork of the repository
2. Create a branch on your forked version of the repository named `<issue number>_<issue name>`

> [!Note]
> If no Issue exists for the problem you would like to solve, please create one.

3. Solve the issue on the branch that you created
4. Create a Pull Request on this repository
